it chapter two is about to hit theaters
so if you need a refresher on everything
that happened in the first it we've got
you covered this is everything you need
to remember for it chapter two in four
minutes or less it chapter one opens in
the town of Derry Maine with build in
burrow crafting a paper boat for his
younger brother George II when Georgie
sails the boat outside along the rainy
streets it gets swept down into the
sewers
when Georgie goes to investigate the
sewer he's confronted by the villainous
clown penny wise who bites off Georgie's
arm and pulls him down into the sewers a
year later bill is still traumatized
over the disappearance of his little
brother he convinces his friends ritchie
eddie and stan to help him look for
georgie in a sewage runoff they've
dubbed the barons meanwhile new kid bin
is studying up on dairy and discovers
that the town's history is filled with
tragedies and missing children when bin
is chased by school bully Henry Bowers
and his gang he winds up near the
Barrens where bill and his friends
intervened to save him also joining
Bill's friend group which has eventually
dubbed the losers Club are the similarly
bullied Mike and orphan and Beverly the
victim of an abusive father every member
of the losers Club is terrorized by a
manifestation of it who takes the form
of their deepest fears the group's bonds
grow stronger throughout the film while
bill and Ben both develop romantic
feelings toward Beverly the losers Club
eventually discover that it awakens
every 27 years to feed on the children
of Derry before returning to hibernation
primarily taking the form of Pennywise
the clown the losers track it to an old
abandoned house to stop his reign over
Derry but they are terrorized and
attacked by the murderous clown Beverley
manages to impale Pennywise and the
entire group narrowly escapes death
after this incident the group begins to
splinter as resentment begins to grow
over the danger they've been placed in
weeks later after confronting her
abusive father
Beverley is abducted by Pennywise the
losers Club comes back together to save
their friend and defeat Pennywise for
good they returned to the abandoned
house where
well leads down into the sewers before
they can confront it the losers are
attacked once more by Henry Bowers Henry
who has been driven crazy by it and
killed his own father was now there to
kill them
Mike manages to push Henry down the well
where he falls to his apparent death
the losers descend into the sewers to
discover its lair
the losers find Beverly and Ben wakes
her up with a kiss the losers are then
confronted by it but they all work
together in an effort to fight him
during the fight it manifests as the
losers various fears but they eventually
overcome and defeat them the losers
managed to defeat it who retreats
further into the sewers bill then
discovers the remnants of Georgie's
raincoat and finally comes to terms with
his brother's death as his friends
surround him with support as the movie
comes to an end so - - summer for the
losers Club Bill and Beverly confessed
their feelings for each other in kiss
the losers Club all swear a blood oath
to return to Derry as adults should it
return then go their separate ways
and that is where it chapter 1 leaves us
what did you think of it chapter 1 what
are some of your favorite moments from
that film and what are you most looking
forward to in chapter 2 let me know in
the comments below if you liked this
video and thought it was helpful
consider giving it a like and
subscribing thanks for watching and I'll
see you in the next one